# Project-One
My first project for my nanodegree class at Udacity will consist of a letter to myself using the things that I have learned thus far, as well as strategies for overcoming problems that I am certain I will be faced with, and explanations for how having a growth mindset rather than a fixed mindset will help me overcome future problems.

Dear future Front-End Developer:
  I am aware that you are soon going to be faced with many challenges and presented with endless information in your journey to becoming a successful Front-End Developer. However, I want you to be aware that there are countless strategies which you can implement into your new learning process that will make the impossible seem like something that you can conquer on your own and/or with the help of the many resources that you will be provided with along the way. The fact that I am an extremely determined individual that refuses to stop until the task at hand is not just completed, but is complete with no mistakes and to the very best of my ability. The knowledge that I have already began studying concerning changing a fixed mindset into a growth mindset is going to be vital in my success at becoming a Front-End Developer. 
    Those with a growth mindset believe that abilities as well as talents can be grown through practice and teaching. On the other hand, those with a fixed mindset believe that when they are faced with any type of challenge and/or conflict that their abilities and overall intelligence is being threatened. In their mind having to exert effort or failing at a task means that they do not possess the ability and intelligence to be successful. In contrast, individuals with a growth mindset feel like if they have to exert effort in order to accomplish something that they will be smarter people once the task is accomplished. Having a fixed mindset can be extremely unhealthy and in many cases will be the reason that a person never reaches their goals. I plan to take whatever steps necessary to ensure that I have a stong growth mindset because this will ensure that in the face of failure or if I begin to question whether or not I am capable of succeeding at becoming a successful Front-End Developer, that growth mindset will take over and I will quickly be able to realize that the practice and hard work that I am putting into this will make me a smarter person in the end and that my intelligence as well as abilities will be growing through the times where I may feel this goal is impossible. I am going to become a successful Front-End Developer and through the good times and the difficult times I am going to remember that the work that I am investing in this is making me a smarter, more intelligent person.
        Sincerely,
        Krystina Dowd
